Camera-ready copy for this book was created by the author (using TEX,
LATEX, and TEX macros written by the author), proofed on an Apple
LaserWriter II, and printed on a Linotron 300 at Advanced Computer
Graphics.  The text of the first edition was converted from Scribe
format to TEX format by a throwaway program written in Common Lisp.
The diagrams in chapter 12 were generated automatically as PostScript
code (by a program written in Common Lisp) and integrated into the
text by Textures, an implementation of TEX by Blue Sky Research for
the Apple Macintosh computer.  No manual paste-up of any kind was
required.

The body type is 10-point Times Roman. Chapter titles are in ITC Eras
Demi; running heads are in ITC Eras Book.  The monospace typeface used
for program code in both displays and running text is 8.5-point Letter
Gothic Bold, somewhat modified by the author through TEX macros for
improved legibility. The accent grave, accent acute, circumflex, and
tilde characters are in 10-point Letter Gothic Bold and adjusted
vertically to match the height of the 8.5-point characters.  The
hyphen was replaced by an en dash.  The equals sign is constructed of
two em dashes, one raised and one lowered.  The sharp sign is
overstruck with two hyphens, one raised and one lowered, to eliminate
the vertical gap.  Special mathematical characters such as square-root
signs are in Computer Modern Math. The typefaces used in this book
were digitized by Adobe Systems Incorporated, except for Computer
Modern Math, which was designed by Donald E. Knuth.
